Update User Access to Github orgs (#1175)
BCDevOps/devops-requests: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/github_user_access_request.md

---
name: Request for Openshift and BCGOV GitHub Organization Membership
about: To grant or remove access for a team member to BCGOV GitHub repositories and Openshift.
title: ''
labels: 
  - github-membership
  - openshift-access
assignees: caggles, ShellyXueHan, mitovskaol, patricksimonian
---

## What we use GitHub Org Membership for

There are three GitHub orgs that are managed by BC Government:
- __bcgov__: 
  - __Is used__ for public repos/projects/applications for BC Government. 
  - Allows teams to create new repositories in the organization.
  - You do not need org membership to contribute to these repositories.

>   - Membership access is simplified and requires approval only in special cases.

Author: ```suggestion
  -  Membership requests submitted for a new member by an existing member are **approved automatically**. Platform Services Team's approval is required when a request is made on your own behalf
```

>   -  Membership requests submitted for a new member by an existing member are **approved automatically**. Platform Services Team's approval is required when a request is made on your own behalf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  Membership requests submitted for a new member by an existing member are **approved automatically**. Platform Services Team's approval is required for the requests submitted by a user for themselves.
```

- __BCDevops__: 
  - Is used for devops specific tooling and issue tracking related to the Openshift 4 Platform.
  - __Is not used__ for public BC Government applications/projects 
  - Manages __Openshift 4 Console__ access.
  - You do not need org membership to contribute to these repositories.

>   - Membership access is simplified and requires approval only in special cases.

Author: ```suggestion
  -   Membership requests submitted for a new member by an existing member are **approved automatically**. Platform Services Team's approval is required when a request is made on your own behalf
```

- __bcgov-c__: 
  - __Is used__ for private repositories/projects.
  - Org membership is limited and only granted in special cases.

## Changes to Github Organization Membership Requests

> There have been changes to the Github Access management workflow to __better automate__ the process. Please read the details below.

Author: ```suggestion
There have been changes to the Github Access management workflow to __better automate__ the process. Please read the details below. There is also a [YouTube video describing the workflow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvdPyx2-qm0)
```

> If you are __asking to invite yourself to an org__ please note that the request will **not** be automatically approved. An administrator of the bcgov and bcdevops github organizations will still need to approve the request. If this is not done in a timely manner please ping one of our Platform Admin @patrick.simonian @cailey.jones or @shelly.han in [#devops-operations](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/devops-operations) channel in Rocket.Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are __asking to invite yourself to an org__ please note that the request will **not** be automatically approved. The Platform Services Team will need to review the request to confirm your affiliation with the BC Government (**please indicate in the request if you are a government employee or include the name of the project and Ministry that you are working on, if you are a contractor, to expedite the approval process) before it can be approves. If this is not done in a timely manner please ping one of our Platform Admin @patrick.simonian @cailey.jones or @shelly.han in [#devops-operations](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/devops-operations) channel in Rocket.Chat.
```

### Requesting membership to bcgov-c

> TODO

Author: ```suggestion
These requests are not fulfilled through this issue. Typically requesting access to the org is done at the repository collaboration level. You will need to get in contact with the repo admin for access. If you are seeking a new private repository see [Requesting a Private Repository](https://github.com/BCDevOps/devops-requests/issues/new?assignees=caggles%2C+ShellyXueHan%2C+mitovskaol%2C+patricksimonian&labels=github-repo%2C+pending&template=github_repo_request.md&title=)
```
